Include Pod OS field (#35985)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/_index.md

When you create the manifest for a Pod object, make sure the name specified is a valid
[DNS subdomain name](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#dns-subdomain-names).

### Pod OS

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{{< feature-state state="stable" for_k8s_version="v1.25" >}}

```

You should set the `.spec.os.name` field to either `windows` or `linux` to indicate the OS on
which you want the pod to run. These two are the only operating systems supported for now by 

> Kubernetes. In future, this list may be expanded. Please note that setting this field has no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes. In future, this list may be expanded.

In Kubernetes v{{ skew currentVersion}}, the value you set for this field has no
```

> effect on scheduling of the pods. Setting the `.spec.os.name` helps to identify the pod OS
> authoratitively and is used for validation. Pod security standards also use this 
> field to relax certain policies for Windows pods.

Reviewer: Is this right:
```suggestion
effect on {{< glossary_tooltip text="scheduling" term_id="kube-scheduler" >}} of the pods.
Setting the `.spec.os.name` helps to identify the pod OS
authoratitively and is used for validation. The kubelet refuses to run a Pod where you have
specified a Pod OS, if this isn't the same as the operating system for the node where
that kubelet is running.
The [Pod security standards](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-standards/) also use this
field to avoid enforcing policies that aren't relevant to that operating system.
```

Author: Both kubelet and pod api validation use this field. So. you're right.

When you create the manifest for a Pod object, make sure the name specified is a valid
[DNS subdomain name](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#dns-subdomain-names).

### Pod OS

{{< feature-state state="stable" for_k8s_version="v1.25" >}}

> You should set the `.spec.os.name` field to either `windows` or `linux` to indicate the OS on

Reviewer 2: nit:
Should this be 'To indicate the OS on which you want to run the pod on set the `.spec.os.name` field to either `windows` or `linux`. ?
This avoids language like `should` or `can`.

Reviewer: I like that we're making a recommendation. It's more than “there's this field, you could use it if you like”; now the field is GA, it's “you ought to set this field”.

_If we had the capacity_ it'd be nice to show a sample webhook that produces a [Warning](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2020/09/03/warnings/) when you don't set that for a Pod / pod template.

Reviewer: Given that there's `System.Net.HttpListener`, that sample webhook could even be written in PowerShell!

Author: > If we had the capacity it'd be nice to show a sample webhook that produces a [Warning](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2020/09/03/warnings/) when you don't set that for a Pod / pod template.

We can do that but it is left to the user as an exercise since the use-cases may differ.

which you want the pod to run. These two are the only operating systems supported for now by 
Kubernetes. In future, this list may be expanded.

> In Kubernetes v{{ skew currentVersion}}, the value you set for this field has no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}}, the value you set for this field has no
```
